My mom's always on it me about trying to make healthy choices when it comes to food
because of my little weakness.
I really like junk food.
So my diet, I usually break my diet.
Like I'm sitting around in a watching a movie or something
and you open a bag of chips and it kind of depends on how close the chips are to you.
But you just keep going and then you get to like the crummy chips at the bottom
and then you realize you're beating the whole thing.
I think that young people don't take care of their health
because health is only something to worry about when you're old.
A lot of young people think that you only have to worry about health care after you get sick.
You know, like if you're still young, you better live it up.
Eat what you want, do what you want.
People might hate each, I think it's more important to think of how the food that they're going to eat
is going to affect their body and whether it's going to be
have a beneficial effect or whether it's just absolutely rubbish
that they're putting into their body.
Though you may not be seeing too many bad effects now,
later in life, you might not be able to do as many things you want to.
First Timothy, four of his eight says that bodily training is beneficial.
What I think that scripture means is that it's to have been intended for us to be healthy.
What it means to me is really just keeping in shape,
not of indulging.
Because if we are healthy, we can get the full enjoyment out of luck.
We can, you know, do much more if we are in a healthy state.
After work, often I go for a run and it helps me to calm down,
relieve the stress of the day's work.
It comes to exercise, you know, we live at the coast,
so it's really nice to make use of outdoors.
I like swimming.
I like records boards also, squashes.
You can have good health.
You can do it.
It's a matter of having a routine and goals.